Adding clarification of "mirroring" (#17723)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/external_service/phabricator.md

# Phabricator

> Site admins can associate Git repositories on [Phabricator](https://phabricator.org) with Sourcegraph so that users can jump to the Phabricator repository from Sourcegraph and use the [Phabricator extension](#native-extension) and [browser extension](../../integration/browser_extension.md) with Phabricator. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Site admins can associate Git repositories on [Phabricator](https://phabricator.org) with Sourcegraph so that users can jump to the Phabricator repository from Sourcegraph and use the [Phabricator extension](#native-extension) and [browser extension](../../integration/browser_extension.md) with Phabricator.
```

Site admins can associate Git repositories on [Phabricator](https://phabricator.org) with Sourcegraph so that users can jump to the Phabricator repository from Sourcegraph and use the [Phabricator extension](#native-extension) and [browser extension](../../integration/browser_extension.md) with Phabricator.

> > NOTE: Sourcegraph does not support mirroring Phabricator repositories (as it does for repositories on other code hosts). This impacts mirroring permissions, synching repositories with Sourcegraph, and updating the stored list of repositories within Sourcegraph. Generally Phabricator is paired with another, canonical code host such as GitHub to access those features in Sourcegraph.

Reviewer 2: Here's what I would recommend saying:

```suggestion
> NOTE: This Phabricator integration does not support listing and mirroring Phabricator repositories (as it does for repositories on other code hosts). It is intended for use when your repositories are hosted somewhere else (such as GitHub), and Phabricator mirrors repositories from that code host. If your repositories are hosted on Phabricator, you must follow the steps in "[Other Git repository hosts](other.md)" to add the repositories so that they are mirrored to Sourcegraph. Sourcegraph does not currently support using the repository permissions you've set in Phabricator for repositories hosted on Phabricator. 
```
